Walter Tang, waltert3
Communication
Determining how to communicate with your teammates as well as how often you should be communicating is key to a successful remote project. Discuss with your team and draft a statement detailing the following:
Team meetings will take place twice a week on Tuesdays and Fridays evenings for 30 minutes to 1 hour. These meetings will cover team updates, weekly goals, and future plans. Depending on weather conditions and convenience, meetings will take place at CIF, Discord, or Zoom. Weekly summaries of team meetings will be noted along with important tasks or enhancements. 
Teammates will communicate on iMessage or Discord group chat to get help or assistance. This will provide the group with multiple sources of communication. Team members will be expected to respond within a few hours of any questions.
Every team member will be expected to provide their own opinion and input for each situation. To establish this line of communication, we will be actively engaging all members' ideas and inputs. Before making any critical decisions, we will make sure that we have the approval of all members. 
Collaboration
The final project tasks you with finding a fair distribution of labor where each student has some role in the development of each deliverable. However the details of this distribution are up to you. Discuss with your team and draft a statement detailing the following:
Work distribution amongst team members will be relatively even with a main goal followed by a few subtasks to help accomplish the main goal. If anyone has unforeseen complications, they should let the team know immediately so that the group can decide how to deal with it. Each team member will be accountable for developing core aspects of the project. 
Each team member is expected to put in 5 hours of work each week to project. If any team member has numerous deadlines or unforeseen circumstances, they should let the group know immediately. From there, the team can discuss or manage the situation. 
Conflicts will be taken care of with a group vote to insure the common interest in the team. In a chance that there are multiple ties, there will be a rock-paper-scissors showdown between the ideas of interests to resolve any conflicts 
To receive credit for your team contract, each individual must electronically sign the document by making a single git commit that modifies the file to include their name and netid. This will both demonstrate that you as an individual have agreed to the contract and ensures that you experience early in the project the joys of multiple users editing the same document. Be sure to `git pull’ so you don’t overwrite your teammates signature!

